hi and I'm B I'm going to be making my
infamous New England clam chowder and
we're going to stop with melting four
ounces of butter answer this melting
buddy you're going to add four cloves of
garlic and you just stir those around
until the garlic is slightly cooked you
don't want it to brown however celery
and the spices quarter teaspoon of thyme
and a half teaspoon of white pepper and
a bay leaf and you stir this until the
onions are translucent when you're
boiling the quahogs in water you'll
cover them with water and then you save
some of the broth it's 32 ounces you
know 4 cups because that's going to be
added to the chowder and you really have
to strain it just in case there is any
sand on the front of cold hogs you
really should stir this to not just let
it stay so that it won't try we're going
to add 4 ounces of flour and we're going
to be making a rule
unless you have to keep stirring quickly
so that it won't burn to cook this for
about five minutes
it breaks down get all the onions and
the celery and the garlic and we're
slowly going to add the brats
keep stirring so better won't get clumpy
now this is going to cook for another 10
minutes
and now we add the quahogs have all been
cut up and the precooked red skin
potatoes would you cook for 20 minutes
I leave the skins on because it makes
the child a little bit more colorful and
then a half pint of cream
and you stir this until it's all well
heated
and now I'm going to ladle out the
chowder
and here it is have some